## Meeting 2022-04-14

### Attendees
- James M Snell
- Filip Skokan
- Rita Kozlov
- Becca Zandstein
- Steve Faulkner
- Gal Schlezinger
- Alyson Cabral
- Luca Casonato
- Eugene Kim
- Robert Palmer

### Action Items
Meeting notes can be found in https://github.com/wintercg/admin/issues/15
1. We need to elect chair(s) for the group
2. We need to review and adopt the charter we have drafted
3. Website needs to be reviewed that Luca has been working on 

### Notes
- Will have a nomination period (self-nominations only) for 2 weeks. Self-nominations should be posted in the GitHub Issue.
   - We'll review in 2 weeks which would mean not having official chairs in place by the time the announcement of the group is made.
- Charter looks to be in a sufficient state. No objections from the group on the call.
   - Luca has a minor change he wants to make (more of a technicality).
   - ❓Can we formally approve this charter before a chair is in place?
      - We can decide amongst ourselves that this is in a sufficient state and formally adopt it after chairs are officially in place.
      - Charter considered officially adopted ✔️ No objections from the group today.
- Code of Conduct:
   - Boilerplate CoC taken from W3C.
   - Once a chair is in place we will also need to figure out how to handle CoC violations and enforcement.
      - CoC is considered officially adopted ✔️ No objections from the group today.
- Website: 
   - Website code can be found in https://github.com/wintercg/www
   - Need logo updates made:
      - Cloudflare logo may need to be the Workers logo. We should reconnect with Rita and Aly.
      - Vercel logo needs to be added.
      - Need to communicate with Node.js community working group before adding that logo.
      - Should separate runtime logos and the company logos.
        - James will work on this.
- Press release update:
   - Draft for PR and Blog has been sent around to initial folks. Still finalizing some quotes.
